Quotes
1. I really believe that the Bible is such an incredible source of spiritual strength and it has been for many people for thousands of years now.

2. Were not our hearts burning within us while he talked with us on the road and opened the scriptures to us?

3. The disciples were just in awe. Something was burning inside them. This sight of Jesus, the resurrected Jesus left them in this state. Were not our hearts burning for the passion of the Word.

4. If using scripture to beat back the enemy is good enough for Jesus, it's good enough for me.

5. He lies. He twists the truth. A lot of those lies have a lot to do with you and how you see yourself and how you see others. He wants you to see yourself as hopeless and can't grow and can't overcome.

6. Actually, anything can be done with the Holy Spirit, with Jesus, with an eagerness of studying the Scripture and the Word, anybody could be transformed. Anybody could be redeemed. And that's the real Truth.

7. The New Testament alone has 1000 commands for how we should live.

8. There is so much richness in the Word. Amen, brothers, sisters. It's seriously awesome.

9. Getting into the Word and using it to strengthen you is never a bad idea.

10. And it culminates here, which is the word of God. That's awesome. All of that stuff is the word of God.

11. There's no amount of scientific PhDs that can tell you whether or not you should choose this speaker spouse. It's a God thing.

12. God's instruction can contradict your common sense. It can contradict your desires, even, like I want to do this, but God's saying this other thing.

13. God's instruction will to you will never contradict God. God's word.

14. When you study this, your intuition gets stronger. Your ability to discern what God wants you to do gets stronger because it will align with his truth, which is eternal.

15. I want you to take this as spiritual, emotional power to be greater and to do more and to be better at everything you want to be better at.

16. The oneness of man and wife is the oneness of God. It's the same word and the nature of those are the same.

17. If we want to see more God in the world, we need to see more oneness of families in the world.

18. What you see here on earth, what you're doing here on earth is bound in heaven. Isn't that amazing?

19. We're hoping for is that the study of the Word will embolden you to have unbreakable faith and unbreakable families.

20. I really believe you can if we're studying the Word with eagerness and examining the scriptures just like Jesus inspired his disciples to do so.

Verses
1. Luke 24:30-32
2. Acts 17:11
3. Ephesians 6:10-18
4. Deuteronomy 6:4
5. Genesis 2:24
6. Matthew 22:37-39