Quotes
1. All spirituality. God wants all of our spirituality to aim towards increasing the strength to love.

2. The more I grow spiritually, the more capacity I have to love. The more I work on my capacity to love, the more I'm growing spiritually.

3. If we don't have love, our spirituality isn't really serving us. To be blunt, I'm sorry to break the bad news to you.

4. There are so many spiritual practices, right? You know, balancing something on your, you know, these amazing poses on mountaintops and then coffee and then tea rituals. And there's amazing things and ways that human beings express their spirituality. But it's so good to know that God at the end of the day, cares about, are we warming up the heart? Are we reconnecting to him on a love wavelength?

5. If we want to be less separated from God, we need to soften our heart. That's pretty simple, actually.

6. No amount of shame that Adam and Eve could feel in that time was going to reconnect them to God. Because reconnection to God and is a reconnecting of your heart and ability to love like God.

7. Shame is not part of God's restorative, restorative process. Shame is not part of God's reconnection plan with us ever since Genesis 3. 24.

8. The whole story of the Bible after Genesis 3. 24 is a story of reconnection to God. Everything going on is a, is a, is a story about us reconnecting to God.

9. Reconnection to God spiritually equals the reconnection of the heart, the openness of the heart. All spiritual pursuits are ultimately for the strengthening of our love.

10. If I speak in tongues of men or of angels, but do not have love, I am only a resounding gong or a clanging cymbal.

11. If I have the gift of prophecy and can fathom all mysteries and all knowledge, and if I have a faith that can move mountains but do not have love, I am nothing.

12. Love God with all your heart, all your mind, all your strength, and love others, love your neighbors as yourself. So if we could just boil down all the spirituality, all the ordinances, all the commands, all the religiousness, let's get it down to one thing or two things. Love God and love people.

13. It sounds easy, but it's very hard to do. I'm failing at it all the time. But if we did it, we would be having what Jesus called eternal life.

14. Eternal life in the Greek means harmony with God, reconnection with God, and God is love.

15. God created us in some way, somewhat selfishly. He wanted a partner in this universe, so he created us to have this realm of the earth and to have a dominion over this earth.

16. Even if you were perfect, you're not done. Even if you're perfect, there's a lot to do.

17. We were meant to build a kingdom of heaven on earth so that God would have this counterpart in the universe.

18. All of this Bible study is not for just intellectual knowledge. It's all, hopefully, to inspire something light, some little spark in each of you to find some way to grow on the level of loving people more unconditionally, on the level of forgiving people.

19. It's very easy to be very critical of people in authority. That's one thing I noticed. Even like a cop that comes and gives you a speeding ticket, hard to forgive that person. Hard to forgive a boss, Hard to forgive a church leader. Hard to forgive a government official.

20. That's my goal, is that this Bible study inspires that kind of meditation, that kind of. I really want to initiate in my own life.

Verses
1. Deuteronomy 6:4
2. Genesis 2:24
3. Genesis 1:2
4. 1 John 4:8
5. Ephesians 4:17
6. 1 John 4:8
7. 1 Corinthians 13:1
8. 1 Corinthians 13:2
9. 1 Corinthians 13:3
10. Mark 12:29
11. John 10:27-28
12. Genesis 3:24