We 're saying what we're hoping for is that the study of the Word will embolden you to have unbreakable faith and unbreakable families. That 's my goal. If you can strive toward an unbreakable faith as an individual and even strive towards unbreakable families. Now, not everybody has to be married or in families to get something out of this talk. It 's for every single person to make an unbreakable faith. And I really believe you can if we're studying the Word with eagerness and examining the scriptures just like Jesus inspired his disciples to do so.

So in this series, we're going to go into Hebrew meanings of word so that you have better understanding. But I wanted to tell you all that we just covered so that you don't feel that this is just some egghead intellectual exercise. We 're not just going through this so that we can know a lot. I want you to take this as spiritual, emotional power to be greater and to do more and to be better at everything you want to be better at. Better at love, better at forgiveness, better at service, better at your careers, better at any kind of relationship. Power you up with the Word. If it's good enough for Jesus, good enough for me.

So the oneness of man and wife is a key understanding to the new brand of Christianity. Actually, there is a reason that Jesus prayed, you know, I'll give you the keys to the kingdom of heaven. I'll give you the keys. You want the key? You want the key to understanding the kingdom of heaven? What is bound on earth is bound in heaven. It 's the key. There 's no mystery to heaven. What you see here on earth, what you're doing here on earth is bound in heaven. Isn 't that amazing?

In addition to all this, take up the shield of faith with which you can extinguish, you can extinguish all the flaming arrows of the evil one. Take the helmet of salvation and the sword of the spirit. And finally, after all that imagery, we've got swords, we've got breastplate, we've got belts, we've got everything. And it culminates here, which is the word of God. That 's awesome. All of that stuff is the word of God. So, brothers and sisters, this is why I'm so passionate about studying the Word with you over the next four, five weeks.

What 's so interesting is that the communication from God can oftentimes contradict our common sense. Yes. Anybody relate to this? Anybody done something that God told them to do and made no sense to anyone else, even to yourself? So God 's instruction can contradict your common sense. It can contradict your desires, even, like I want to do this, but God 's saying this other thing. Your God 's instruction can contradict what your friends think and what your friends say. It can contradict even what your parents say. I mean, I don't want to. I love parents. I love my parents. They 're great. But you got to listen to God first. He 's the heavenly parent. Amen. He 's the. He 's the one. He 's got the plan. He has the real bird's eye view. And. But here's the funny thing. Here 's the amazing thing. God 's instruction will to you will never contradict God. God 's word.

He wants you to see yourself as hopeless and can't grow and can't overcome. He wants you to see others as they will never grow, they will never change. He wants everybody to be bogged down by these kind of hopeless and heavy thoughts. And these are all lies. Actually, anything can be done with the Holy Spirit, with Jesus, with an eagerness of studying the Scripture and the Word, anybody could be transformed. Anybody could be redeemed. And that's the real Truth. So you can fight those lies. They happen on a daily basis.

They asked each other, were not our hearts burning within us while he talked with us on the road and opened the scriptures to us? And I just felt. Something just came over me when I saw this verse. The disciples were just in awe. Something was burning inside them. This. This sight of Jesus, the resurrected Jesus left them in this state. Were not our hearts burning for the passion of the Word. So we know from this that Jesus really was enthusiastically teaching a passion for the word.

Actually, there is a reason that Jesus prayed, you know, I'll give you the keys to the kingdom of heaven. I'll give you the keys. You want the key? You want the key to understanding the kingdom of heaven? What is bound on earth is bound in heaven. It 's the key. There 's no mystery to heaven. What you see here on earth, what you're doing here on earth is bound in heaven. Isn 't that amazing? So we're going to go through these five weeks, we're going to do a deep dive, but the central theme is going to be the oneness of men and women and the oneness of God and believe me, and, and that's why if you go to the links, I put up a little splash. Kenny, put up a little splash page to find the links in the calendar. It 's called BiblewithJoe. com it's kind of hilarious and I only have one good picture, so you're going to see the same picture everywhere.

My hope is that you can use the Word in new ways and we can go deep into that. You know, following God 's word, following God 's instruction in our life is a whole other category, right? Like, well, should I move to Mobile or should I move to Canada? Right. And then we have to communicate with God to tell us about those big life decisions, Right. There 's no amount of scientific Ph Ds that can tell you whether or not you should choose this speaker spouse. It 's a God thing. There 's no amount of scientific Ph D data research that could tell you should you move to Mobile, Alabama or Minnesota. It 's a God thing. Amen. It 's a God thing. So we need, in the most important decisions of our life, we need to communicate with God, Right? Absolutely true.

I really believe that the Bible is such an incredible source of spiritual strength and it has been for many people for thousands of years now. And so I actually, I'm calling this whole series. I'm new to this kind of series stuff, but I'm calling the whole series Carrying the Fire, a great phrase from one of my favorite authors, Cormac McCarthy. And the Fire is the truth and the word, and if you carry it with you, it can light your path and it can strengthen you.

And they were left with this stunning feeling. It 's almost like maybe going to an awesome concert, right? Like a worship concert. And you're just left with this. These chills and this wave of inspiration burning inside of us about the Scripture. Isn 't that awesome? And there's many other places where the disciples were so stoked to learn more about the Scripture. Here 's another area later. Paul is in the Book of Acts. We 're talking about a certain group of Christians, a certain church. And he was describing them as this particular church was more noble in character than those in Thessalonica, for they received the message with great eagerness and examined the Scriptures every day.

God will never give you an instruction that you can prove hard, you know, hard evidence. Prove that he. So studying God 's Word will help you understand God 's instruction from above. Amen. Who? God 's Word will help you understand God 's daily instructions because his truth is eternal. It 's unique and unchanging. When you study this, your intuition gets stronger. Your. Your ability to discern what God wants you to do gets stronger because it will align with his truth, which is eternal. And this is. I think this is why Jesus was so passionate about teaching his disciples about the Word.

And I was reminded that Jesus in the wilderness used scripture. So when the devil came up to him and tempted him three times in the wilderness, each time he responded to Satan, he was quoting scripture. So when I thought about this today, I thought, hey, if using scripture to beat back the enemy is good enough for Jesus, it's good enough for me. You know, you can use powerful things in the Word to fight the enemy. And just to pause on that note, what does that even mean, fighting the enemy? Well, primarily, that means his lies. He lies. He twists the truth.

The New Testament alone has 1000 commands for how we should live. The New Testament has everything from instructions on marriage and, you know, an intimacy and alcohol. There 's whole areas that describe the proper relationship to alcohol. There 's whole areas that describe. In first Timothy and second Timothy. There 's whole areas that describe what a proper minister is like or should be. You know, and I failed so many of those. You know, like, when I jumped into pastoring, I was just throwing myself into the cauldron, you know, I don't know if I checked off all those boxes, but we learn as we go, right? So there are so many instructions on the faith. There are instructions about how to deal with envy. There 's instructions about how to deal with pride. There is so much richness in the Word. 