If I speak in tongues of men or of angels, but do not have love, I am only a resounding gong or a clanging cymbal speaking in tongues, you can speak with the angels. That sounds pretty impressive. I'd be impressed if somebody said, yeah, I speak with the angels all the time. That would be a pretty impressive spiritual gift. But if I do not have love, I'm only a resounding gong or a clanging cymbal. It goes on. If I have the gift of prophecy, I'll read it with you guys over here. If I have the gift of prophecy and can fathom all mysteries and all knowledge, and if I have a faith that can move mountains but do not have love, I am nothing. If I give all I possess to the poor and give over my body to hardship, that I may boast but do not have love, I gain nothing.

What I've come to find is that the more I grow spiritually, the more capacity I have to love. The more I work on my capacity to love, the more I'm growing spiritually. All spirituality. God wants all of our spirituality to aim towards increasing the strength to love. Amen. If we don't have love, our spirituality isn't really serving us. To be blunt, I'm sorry to break the bad news to you. There are so many spiritual practices, right? You know, balancing something on your, you know, these amazing poses on mountaintops and then coffee and then tea rituals. And there's amazing things and ways that human beings express their spirituality. But it's so good to know that God at the end of the day, cares about, are we warming up the heart? Are we reconnecting to him on a love wavelength?

The greatest commandment is love. Just back onto that story where the guy said, hey, which one is the greatest commandment? He said the greatest commandment is basically love your God. Love God with all your heart, all your mind, all your strength, and love others, love your neighbors as yourself. So if we could just boil down all the spirituality, all the ordinances, all the commands, all the religiousness, let's get it down to one thing or two things. Love God and love. And this is what's going to create eternal life. If we follow Jesus in that manner, if we did things that in Jesus way of loving people unconditionally. It sounds easy, but it's very hard to do. I'm failing at it all the time. But if we did it, we would be having what Jesus called eternal life.

God created us in some way, somewhat selfishly. He wanted a partner in this universe, so he created us to have this realm of the earth and to have a dominion over this earth. That 's why he told sinless Adam and sinless Eve. I always. That always struck me, why did God have sinless Adam and sinless Eve? Wouldn 't that be good enough? Hey, I made perfect people. I'm done. I'm done here. I got to just enjoy the company of my children. No. He told the sinless son and the sinless daughter to go build the world, to have family, to have dominion over the earth. That 's a big project, everybody. So even if you were perfect, you're not done. Even if you're perfect, there's a lot to do. And the reason is because we were meant to build a kingdom of heaven on earth so that God would have this counterpart in the universe.

Where we have to pay attention in this world and in your life and as you're digesting everything going on in the world is the call to action. And so this is important. When, when Adam and Eve fell away from God, it wasn't just a spiritual cutoff. It was a, it was a, it was something going on in their heart. And I'd like to go through that story a little bit. You know, after Eve ate the fruit and then Adam ate the fruit, they actually could still hear God. They were still not totally disconnected from God and they were still in the Garden of Eden. And so it's interesting because a lot of times people will breeze through the story as well. They disobeyed God, so that's the end. Actually that's not true. They did disobey God, but it wasn't the end of the story. God approached them to have a conversation.

It 's easy to kind of think, oh, let's forgive that person. You know, that's okay. That 's good. It 's because I went to church this week. I could do that. But it's harder when you get. We get certain blind spots, you know, you've got. It 's very easy to be very critical of people in authority. That 's one thing I noticed. Even like a cop that comes and gives you a speeding ticket, hard to forgive that person. Hard to forgive a boss, Hard to forgive a church leader. Hard to forgive a government official. Is it not? There 's blind spots. If you start praying about this, you'll start to see, oh, wow. There 's many areas, you know, you can fill in so many others, I'm sure. And I have those blind spots. We 're always working to do better.

Satan loves to lie. He loves to twist the truth. And the thing about what, what was happening here was God was saying, you will die spiritually, you will die spiritually. AKA you will have the hardening of your heart. You will not be connected to my life force. You will not walk and talk and love the way I love. And Satan was trying to trick them and say, well, no, you're not going to die. But he was actually like a tricky lawyer. He was actually referring, referring to physical death. So he's like, surely you're not going to die. God says, surely you are going to die. And they're both right because they're talking about different definitions of the word death. Very tricky. You know, Satan tells the truth a lot of the time. I'll give you a tip. Satan actually loves. He loves it if he can lie to you and say nothing but truths.

They are darkened in their understanding and separated from the life of God because of the ignorance that is in them due to the hardening of their hearts. So here in Ephesians, where God 's word is talking about how the separation that we feel from God, which is a spiritual separation, is actually a hardening of the heart. And so very simple, logical idea is, well, if we want to be less separated from God, we need to soften our heart. That 's pretty simple, actually. There 's Bible verses about that, you know, where God 's word is saying, I will take the heart of stone and give you a new heart, a new heart of flesh, a fleshy heart, soft, warm, beating, full of love.

If we want to see more God in the world, we can start by making a determination for more unity between men and women. It creates the bedrock for children to grow up in homes that are unbreakable, that are solid, that are stable. When you learn about love in this life, you start as a child. The first thing you know about love comes from your parents. And when your parents are in love and harmonized together, there is an instrument through which God can pour that love through a child, that to a child. 